When adopting serverless technology, we eliminate the need to develop a server to manage our application. By doing so, we also pass some of the security threats to the infrastructure provider such as AWS, Azure or Google Cloud. In addition to the many advantages of serverless application development, such as cost and scalability, some security aspects are also handed to our service provider, which can usually be trusted. Serverless services, like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Google Cloud Functions and IBM Cloud Functions, execute code, without provisioning or managing servers, only when needed. 

However, even if these applications are running without a managed server, they still execute code. If this code is written in an insecure manner, the application can be vulnerable to traditional application-level attacks, like Cross-Site Scripting (XSS), Command/SQL Injection, Denial of Service (DoS), broken authentication and authorization and many more. Does that mean that serverless applications are vulnerable to the same attacks that we are used to in traditional applications? In most cases, yes, a variation of the original attack also exists in serverless architecture.

The OWASP Top 10 is the de-facto guide for security practitioners to understand the most common application attacks and risks. Its data spans vulnerabilities gathered from hundreds of organizations and over 100,000 real-world applications and APIs. The Top 10 items are selected and prioritized according to this data, in combination with consensus estimates of exploitability, detectability, and impact into providing The Ten Most Critical Web Application Security Risks.

The OWASP Serverless Top 10 project aims at giving the same insight into the top 10 security risks in Serverless Application.
