# Intro: Welcome to Serverless Security
When adopting serverless technology, we eliminate the need to develop a server to manage our application. By doing so, we also pass some of the security threats to the infrastructure provider such as AWS, Azure or Google Cloud. In addition to the many advantages of serverless application development, such as cost and scalability, some security aspects are also handed to our service provider, which can usually be trusted. Serverless services, like ​[AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/]), ​ [Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/), ​[Google Cloud Functions](https://cloud.google.com/functions/) and ​[IBM Cloud Functions​](https://console.bluemix.net/openwhisk/), execute code, without provisioning or managing servers, only when needed.

However, even if these applications are running without a managed server, they still execute code. If this code is written in an insecure manner, the application can be vulnerable to traditional application-level attacks, like Cross-Site Scripting (XSS), Command/SQL Injection, Denial of Service (DoS), broken authentication and authorization and many more.

Does that mean that serverless applications are vulnerable to the same attacks that we are used to in traditional applications? In most cases, yes, a variation of the original attack also exists in serverless architecture.
 
The ​[OWASP Top 10](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Top_10-2017_Top_10) is the de-facto guide for security practitioners to understand the most common application attacks and risks. Its data spans vulnerabilities gathered from hundreds of organizations and over 100,000 real-world applications and APIs. The Top 10 items are selected and prioritized according to this data, in combination with consensus estimates of exploitability, detectability, and impact into providing The Ten Most Critical Web Application Security Risks.

This report is a first glance to the serverless security world and will serve as a baseline to the official OWASP Top 10 in Serverless project. The report examines the differences in attack vectors, security weaknesses, and business impact of successful attacks on applications in the serverless world, and, most importantly, how to prevent them. As we will see, attack prevention is different from the traditional application world. Additional risks, which are not part of the original ​ OWASP Top 10​ , but might be relevant for the final version, are listed on the [Other Risks to Consider page](internal)​ .